WB-1568: Add theme utilities (#1977)
Khan/wonder-blocks: __docs__/wonder-blocks-theming/merge-theme.mdx

import {Meta, Canvas} from "@storybook/blocks";

import Banner from "@khanacademy/wonder-blocks-banner";
import {tokens, mergeTheme} from "@khanacademy/wonder-blocks-theming";

import {ButtonWithCustomTheme} from "./theme-examples";

<Meta title="Theming / mergeTheme" />

# `mergeTheme`

> 
> `mergeTheme` is an utility that allow us to create a new copy of the target

Reviewer: Super tiny nit
```suggestion

`mergeTheme` is a utility that allows us to create a new copy of the target
```

theme by overriding some of its tokens with a new theme. This is useful when
defining another theme for a given component.

```ts
function mergeTheme<T>(sourceTheme: T, targetTheme: T): T;
```

<Banner
    kind="info"
    text="Note that the first argument will define the

> interface/contract that the second arg needs to follow."

Reviewer: `layout` is a required prop on banner 😅

/>

## Usage

```ts
const buttonDefaultTheme = {
    color: {
        bg: {
            primary: tokens.color.blue,
        },
        text: {
            light: tokens.color.white,
        },
    },
    border: {
        radius: tokens.border.radius.medium_4,
    },
};

const buttonCustomTheme = mergeTheme(buttonDefaultTheme, {
    color: {
        bg: {
            primary: tokens.color.pink,
        },
    },
    border: {
        radius: tokens.border.radius.large_6,
    },
});
```

Then the resulting themed button will be:

<ButtonWithCustomTheme />

> And this is the resulting theme object:

Reviewer: **Praise:** This is very helpful!
